we are the exhibition of marc in this
motorcycle that you see here is with which I started
to compete in speed towards motocross
it is from a very small I remember that
the first time I took it in
eat-ruga what good a karting teeny
but the truth is, I had fun
very well
these bikes of the year 2010 a very year
important to me the sport with bikes
of grand prize in the championship of
Spain that also was a big step
for me
this background mode that is from 2012 when
he was world champion who is also
special because you can give the flag
can you give the helmet shirt me
together with jose here you see the trophies
that my brother has that as follows in
this line will have to make space or
soon the ones that are here
There are some that I also have
as a misano that I did last year
well here in Naples that also
can my first podium that also
we have many races nearby and
about everything I want to teach you is
this one from behind that is the japan that
he made the second home of my first
race that was my special
We had all the year so close
It never arrived, it cost us to reach the
first chicken after the victory and good
the most important thing is that we get the
rookie of the year that was a bit the
objective of that year and be among the
ten first at the end I made the fourth
of the world cup that also for me was
an injection of morale for this year
very very important one year very very
special
and I enjoyed it very much